1000
<p><?php echo _("Twenty years ago, when I started my design career, I made a lot of fake stuff. I can still clearly remember when I designed my own CD covers for albums by famous bands, created a fake e-commerce site with my friends, recreated famous logos in Corel Draw, redesigned a popular website just to see what I would do differently, and designed fake logos for fake products that didn’t exist yet. You might say, “What a waste of time on unpaid work!” You could say “Gosh, you didn’t understand the intricacies of designing for the real world!” But, all of this fake design work was critical to my career. When I was about seventeen, I literally designed a hundred album covers in one year. I bought a stack of cheap jewel cases and repackaged my CD collection in my own designs. I didn’t make a penny, I didn’t get critique from anyone, but I sure as hell got a lot of practice digging into Photoshop 5, trying typography in ways I’d never done, using photography in ways I’d never considered, and trying to get decent results"); ?>.</p>

500
<p><?php echo _("Fake design let me learn the intricacies of product design. Back in about 2003, I created a fake redesign of Verizon Wireless. I thought their website was crap and I was convinced I could bang out a big improvement in a day or two, just to prove to myself that I could. Turns out those big company suits were better at design than I thought. Creating a text input that suggested the user enter their full 10 digit phone number was surprisingly hard. I started to guess that the stupid 300x250 advertising banner"); ?>.</p>

250
<p><?php echo _("Design to learn, not to get accolades. Other designers are rarely your real audience. It doesn’t matter if ten thousand designers applaud your work if your customers find your designs hard to use. Go out there and fake it til you make it, my friends"); ?>.</p>

160
<p><?php echo _("Art in this time was exclusively linked to the possession of money. The art of high society focused greatly on absorbing cultures from around the world and referencing"); ?>.</p>

100
<p><?php echo _("I have a great desire to paint her portrait and have reason to think she would allow it and is waiting for someone"); ?>.</p>




900
<p>Art is an important part of being human and can be found through all aspects of our lives, regardless of the culture or times. There are many different variables that determine one's judgment of art such as aesthetics, cognition or perception. Art can be objective or subjective based on personal preference toward aesthetics and form. It can be based on the elements and principle of design and by social and cultural acceptance. Art is a basic human instinct with a diverse range of form and expression. Art can stand-alone with an instantaneous judgment or can be viewed with a deeper more educated knowledge. Aesthetic, pragmatic, expressive, formalist, relativist, processional, imitation, ritual, cognition, mimetic and postmodern theories are some of many theories to criticize and appreciate art. Art criticism and appreciation can be subjective based on personal preference toward aesthetics and form.</p>

600
<p>Art criticism has many and often numerous subjective viewpoints which are nearly as varied as there are people practising it. It is difficult to come by a more stable definition than the activity being related to the discussion and interpretation of art and its value. Depending on who is writing on the subject: art criticism itself may be obviated as a direct goal or it may include art history within its framework. Regardless of definitional problems, art criticism can refer to the history of the craft in its essays and art history itself may use critical methods implicitly nevertheless.</p>

400
<p>Towards the end of the 19th century a movement towards abstraction began to gain ground in England, notably championed by the playwright Oscar Wilde. By the early twentieth century these attitudes formally coalesced into a coherent philosophy, through the work of Bloomsbury Group members Roger Fry and Clive Bell.  Fry became intrigued with the new modernist art and its shift away from traditional depiction.</p>

270
<p>Feminist art criticism is no longer the marginalized discourse that it once was; indeed it had produced some brilliant and engaging writing over the last decade and in many ways has become a key site of academic production.</p>

90
<p>Since the state's inception, New Jersey has been characterized by ethnic and religious diversity.</p>



820
The Dutch became the first Europeans to lay claim to lands in New Jersey. The Dutch colony of New Netherland consisted of parts of modern Middle Atlantic states. Although the European principle of land ownership was not recognized by the Lenape, Dutch West India Company policy required its colonists to purchase the land that they settled. The first to do so was Michiel Pauw who established a patronship called Pavonia in 1630 along the North River which eventually became the Bergen. Peter Minuit's purchase of lands along the Delaware River established the colony of New Sweden. The entire region became a territory of England on June 24, 1664, after an English fleet under the command of Colonel Richard Nicolls sailed into what is today New York Harbor and took control of Fort Amsterdam, annexing the entire province.

500
New Jersey was one of the few Union states (the others being Delaware and Kentucky) to select a candidate other than Abraham Lincoln twice in national elections, and sided with Stephen Douglas (1860) and George B. McClellan (1864) during their campaigns. McClellan, a native Philadelphian, had New Jersey ties and formally resided in New Jersey at the time; he later became Governor of New Jersey (1878–81). During the American Civil War, the state was led first by Republican Governor Charles Smith Olden.

300
In the Industrial Revolution, cities like Paterson grew and prospered. Previously, the economy had been largely agrarian, which was problematically subject to crop failures and poor soil. This caused a shift to a more industrialized economy, one based on manufactured commodities such as textiles and silk.

150
New Jersey can be thought of as five regions, based upon natural geography and population concentration. Northeastern New Jersey, the Gateway Region, lies closest to Manhattan in New York City, and up to a million residents commute daily into the city.

90
New Jersey is one of the most ethnically and religiously diverse states in the country.